SSL Certs - Replace on Existing (#853)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/ssl-certs-selfsigned.adoc

[[ssl-certs-selfsigned]]
= Self-Signed SSL Certificates

By default, {productname} uses a self-signed certificate.
In this case, the certificate is created and signed by {productname}.

> This method does not use a third party certificate authority to guarantee that the details of the certificate are correct.

Reviewer: This is not wong, but I would like to add that the and independent party check the details.

```suggestion
This method does not use an independent third party certificate authority to guarantee that the details of the certificate are correct.
```

The background: If you use it internally only, why do you need an "independent" authority to check the details?
I would say nobody is so trustworthy than yourself, isn't it?

Author: This is mentioned in the intro, but I'll copy it across.

> It provides basic checking between the {productname} Server and the clients, but will not protect you against man-in-the-middle attacks.

Reviewer: This is wrong. Please remove this sentence. If you keep the private key secret, it provide the same protection as a third party certificate.

Reviewer: (only line 8)

You can set the host names in the ``X509v3 Subject Alternative Name`` section of the certificate.

> You can also list multiple host names if your environment requires it.

Reviewer: This apply only to Import Certificate. Here we generate everything on our own. This can be removed
